👶🏼 Add more examples to getting started (#58)
EthWorks/useDapp: docs/source/getting-started.rst

  )

  export function App() {
    const { activateBrowserWallet, account } = useEthers()
    const etherBalance = useEtherBalance(account)
    return (
        <div>

>           <button onClick={() => activateBrowserWallet(injected)}>Connect</button>

Author: ```suggestion
          <button onClick={() => activateBrowserWallet()}>Connect</button>
```

        </div>
        {account && <p>Account: {account}</p>}
        {etherBalance && <p>Balance: {formatEther(etherBalance)}</p>}
      </div>
    )
  }

Full example code is available `here <https://github.com/EthWorks/useDapp/tree/master/packages/example>`_.

First thing you need to do is set up **DAppPRovider** with optional config and wrap your whole App in it. You can read about config :ref:`here<config>`

.. code-block:: jsx

  <DAppProvider>
    <App /> {/* Wrap your app with the Provider */}
  </DAppProvider>

> Second thing to do is to activate user account using **activateBrowserWallet**. It's better to do so after the user explicitly clicks a button.

Author: ```suggestion
Then you need to activate the provider using **activateBrowserWallet**. It's better to do so after the user explicitly clicks a button.
```

.. code-block:: jsx

  export function App() {
    const { activateBrowserWallet, account } = useEthers()
    return (
        <div>

>           <button onClick={() => activateBrowserWallet(injected)}>Connect</button>

Author: ```suggestion
          <button onClick={() => activateBrowserWallet()}>Connect</button>
```

Full example code is available `here <https://github.com/EthWorks/useDapp/tree/master/packages/example>`_.

> First thing you need to do is set up DAppPRovider with optional config and wrap your whole App in it. You can read about config here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First thing you need to do is set up _DAppProvider_ with optional config and wrap your whole App in it. See `Config`_ section for more details.
```

Author: Linking config this way won't work.

.. code-block:: jsx

  <DAppProvider>
    <App /> {/* Wrap your app with the Provider */}
  </DAppProvider>

Second thing to do is to activate user account. It's better to do so after the user explicitly clicks a button.

.. code-block:: jsx

  export function App() {
    const { activate, account } = useEthers()
    return (
        <div>

>           <button onClick={() => activate(injected)}>Connect</button>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <button onClick={() => activateBrowserWallet()}>Connect</button>
```

        </div>

>         {account && <p>Account: {account}</p>}

Reviewer: Idea: Add line with user balance (to wow user some more), now that is a single nice line.

Author: ✅

      </div>
    )
  }

> After the activation the account field will contain the user address.

Reviewer: Idea: 
'the activation (i.e user connects to a wallet like MetaMask)'
